# Subscriber The New Content Provider
<p>
The reason why apps like YouTube, TikTok etc are very popular is that they have videos which are uploaded by the general public. They share a link of their videos to their friends which is also a reason new users subscribe to the app. Also there are new kinds of videos getting published by young talent, which gains a higher number of views. This idea of crowd sourcing videos can be applied to OTT on demand platforms as well. 
</p>
<p>
This idea aims at having a new section in MeteorLive called “Your Videos”. Apart from all the movies and the web series that the app has, this is a new section which will have videos published by the subscribers of the app. This way the app gets videos from its subscribers who have talent and want their videos to reach a wider audience. New and interesting videos of different genres can be included as part of the app, at no extra cost. Also the publishers of these videos will make new users to the join the app to view their content. This way our app gets freely marketed through word of mouth. Some of the videos may get viral and the app will also gain an equal amount of popularity. 
There should be some incentive for video publishers to gain interest to create unique videos and for them to use our MeteorLive app in particular. They can be rewarded them on a monthly basis. It could be based on the videos which have the maximum number of views or likes. Or a poll can be conducted where the other subscribers can vote for their most favourite videos. This would also make the video publishers to urge their friends to subscribe to the app to vote for their videos. As their reward, the winners could get coupons to unlock new movies or get to view exclusive premiere videos before others. As the view count of the videos increase, it would in turn bring in more advertisements to the app.
</p>
<p>
The need of our client is to increase their subscribers base and be a leader in the market. The benefit of this idea is that in  today’s OTT on demand platforms, they have not made use of this crowd sourcing videos idea. Our app could be the first of its kind which introduces general public’s videos to an OTT on demand platform. It would help our app to gain new subscribers. This would be a win-win situation for both our client and their subscribers, rather than spending much on advertising about their app. The app can also gain income in the form of advertisements as the number of subscribers increase. It is feasible to implement as there just needs to be a new section for subscribers to add their videos.
</p>
